{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instructions for proper kext installation. MAKE SURE YOU READ THIS OR BLUETOOTH WILL NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY OR POSSIBLY AT ALL.\
\
SCENERIO ONE:\
\
If you have you 3rd party kext files in the kexts/Other folder in the Clover folder on your EFI partition then your system is using Clover to inject kernel extensions into the proper location at system boot. If your setup is utilizing this method then you should add the kext files from the folder labeled \'93Clover\'94 and copy them into the kexts/Other folder in Clovers directory on whichever drive you\'92ve installed it to and actively use to start macOS on your device.\
\
SCENERIO TWO:\
\
If you have installed you kexts to the /System/Library/Extensions folder so that macOS handles the loading of them independently of Clover then you should install the kexts in the folder labeled \'93System\'94 by copying them directly into the /System/Library/Extensions folder in macOS and then rebuilding the kextcache and fixing the permissions for you System partition followed by rebooting your system in order for the cards wifi and bluetooth to work properly. \
\
If you aren\'92t sure which method you use to load kexts then its most likely that you inject kexts with Clover at boot since you would need to do the second part by yourself and would not be able to boot without knowing what you are doing. \
\
It\'92s important that you install the right option or bluetooth won\'92t work. \
\
\
\
FOR macOS Mojave AND BELOW, INSTALL BRCMPATCHRAM2.KEXT AND FOR macOS Catalina CHOOSE BRCMPATCHRAM3.KEXT\
\
DO NOT INSTALL BOTH 2 AND 3 PATCHRAM KEXTS TOGETHER OR BLUETOOTH WILL NOT WORK! DEPENDING ON WHICH SYSTEM VERSION YOU\'92RE RUNNING YOULL NEED TO CHOOSE PROPERLY. BOTH HAVE BEEN COPIED IN EACH FOLDER.}